Jonathan Giovanni of draftexpress.com we
here at the under-17 World Championship
when Henry Ellenson and Dubai just got a
big semifinal win over Serbia Henry how
you feeling right now I'm feeling good
obviously is a big wing is to gold medal
game so I feel good I was at have the
best game but doesn't matter when you at
this level just to begin to the next
gaming integral medals the main purpose
tell me about your experience so far how
have you enjoyed this under-17 World
Championship oh it's been good it's been
a lot of fun playing against the world's
best talent representing your own
country and it's been good to be able to
represent United States what's your
impression of the competition so far
obviously there's some laughs I'd games
where we win by 50 but we played a very
good Serbian team and I saw I was
impressed with them how how does this
diet will play here in international
basketball compared with what you see in
the states in high school in a you
that's a lot different i think it's a
nice fiscal as the state's i would say i
feel like a little more touchy with the
cause but uh i think it's a lot
different just the way playing style
tempo how they use how we used to play
so what did the coaches tell you about
what your role was going to be on this
team um I guess I really just said they
haven't really said role but we just
kind of figured out on our own just
stepping in for me I guess coming off
the bench just trying to get energy in
the press and the defense and then I'll
fence Lee try and score get another
boost off the bench for people that are
watching this video that might not be
familiar with you what can you tell us
about the type of player you are right
now I'm a versatile Flair I'm able to
the wing gets a rim his shot or post
stuff so I like to use mismatches in my
game I got big on me I take him off i
gots one guy i like to post them up what
do you how do you feel you stack up
defensively right now i think i've been
playing the best defense i have so far
my career just i think i've been my
fever get a lot quicker I can start
going threes and then I always made with
guard for 5s but I thank my feets been
getting a lot better from the perimeter
players what are some of the things you
need to improve on to reach your full
potential I think just keep proving on
everything that's I want to be able to
do everything on the cord so just keep
improving on all my skills it seems like
a year ago you were not the most
highly-touted guy out there and really
you've built up a very strong reputation
this past summer and probably before
that what's been the key for that I
think a big thing with exposure I felt
like always been this town but i think i
have been a game lot more confidence to
my game playing on the perimeter Sean my
ball-handling I think that's a big thing
laughs a lot more confidence what are
some of the things that are going to be
most important for you in the college
recruiting process what are the focal
points i coaching staff and plain style
I want to be able play all over i want
the run point forward on post up so
that's pretty huge thing thank you so
much best of luck
you